## [Release 1.0.0-beta-7](https://github.com/Cloudzero/cloudzero-agent/compare/v0.0.28...v1.0.0-beta-7) (2025-01-08)

This release changes the default behavior for certificate management. The default option will now create a self-signed certificate created and managed by the chart itself. `cert-manager` is removed as a dependency.

### Upgrade Steps
* Update TLS preferences; preferences for the TLS certificate used by the `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` configurations and webhook-server are now managed by the `insightsController.tls` section. See the README.md and values.yaml for configuration details.
    * If TLS preferences are set in the `insightsController.server.tls` or `insightsController.webhooks.caBundle` section(s), remove them and review the README.md and values.yaml for new options in the `insightsController.tls` section.
    * It is likely that no changes will need to be made, unless there is a preference for using an external `cert-manager` or externally created certificates.
* If settings in the `initJob` field are set, rename the `initJob` field to `initScrapeJob`.

### Breaking Changes
* `initJob` field renamed to `initScrapeJob`.
* `insightsController.server.tls` section is removed in favor of `insightsController.tls`.
* `tls.issuer` and `tls.certificate` can no longer be individually toggled; instead, set `insightsController.tls.useCertManager` to toggle the `Issuer` and `Certificate` resources.
* `insightsController.webhooks.caBundle` is moved to `insightsController.tls.caBundle`.
* `cert-manager` is removed as a dependency. The chart will no longer use `cert-manager` as a default for certificate management. If there is a preference to manage the TLS certificate with `cert-manager`, see the README.md for details.

### New Features
* **Internal Certificate Creation:** Previous versions of the beta agent attempted to deploy `cert-manager` and depended on `cert-manager` to provision and manage the TLS certificate used by the `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` configurations and webhook-server. As of this beta version, the default behavior is changed such that the TLS certificate is created by the `<RELEASE-NAME>-webhook-server-init-cert` Job.
    * The `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` resources and the Secret created to hold the TLS certificate information are automatically patched to use this certificate.

### Improvements
* **Internal KSM Names Properly Prefixed:** The internal KSM (cloudzero-state-metrics) managed by the chart now properly prefixes all created resources with the chart release name.

### Other Changes
* **Expanded ClusterRole Permissions:** The `ClusterRole` used by the agent now requires `patch` permissions on `validatingwebhookconfigurations` and `secrets` for the respective resources created by the chart.
