## [Release 1.0.0-beta-9](https://github.com/Cloudzero/cloudzero-charts/compare/v0.0.28...v1.0.0-beta-9) (2025-01-15)

This release adds the ability to set the log level via the `insightsController.server.logging.level` field. Additionally, the interval in which data is written to the CloudZero platform and the timeout for writing data are configurable via `insightsController.server.send_interval` and `insightsController.server.send_timeout`, respectively. The default timeout is increased from `10s` to `1m`.

The `kube-state-metrics` subchart section now explicitly includes container image information. This introduces no functional changes; it is intended to make it clearer to the user which images will be used and from where they will be pulled.

### Upgrade Steps
Upgrade using the following command:
```console
helm upgrade --install <RELEASE_NAME> cloudzero-beta/cloudzero-agent -n <NAMESPACE> --create-namespace -f configuration.example.yaml --version 1.0.0-beta-9
```

### Bug Fixes
* **KSM Address:** Fixes an issue in which the internal `kube-state-metrics` service address can be templated incorrectly.

### Improvements
* **More Configurable Server Settings:** The log level, remote write interval, and remote write timeout are now configurable in the chart values. See the `insightsController.server` section in the `values.yaml` for more details.
* **Default Setting for Send Timeout:** The default remote write timeout is increased to `1m`, which allows for backfilling data from larger clusters.
* **Container Image Information Added:** The values passed to the internal `kube-state-metrics` subchart now explicitly set the container image registry, repository, and tag information for the purposes of documentation.