## [Release 1.0.0-rc1](https://github.com/Cloudzero/cloudzero-charts/compare/0.0.28...1.0.0-rc1) (2025-01-23)

This release contains several improvements from `1.0.0-beta-10`:

- The name of the initialization Job that gathers information about existing state of a cluster now includes the version of the chart and the image tag used in the Pod.
- The `initScrapeJob` field is deprecated in favor of `initBackfillJob`. However, this is not a breaking change; `initScrapeJob` can still be used without issue.
- The `server.agentMode` boolean argument is now provided.
- Improvements are made to the resource consumption of the agent-server pod.
- Metrics from the agent-server pod are made available for monitoring.

### Upgrade Steps

Optionally rename the `initScrapeJob` field in any override files with `initBackfillJob`. `initBackfillJob` is the preferred field, but configurations using `initScrapeJob` will still work.

Upgrade using the following command:

```console
helm upgrade --install <RELEASE_NAME> cloudzero/cloudzero-agent -n <NAMESPACE> --create-namespace -f configuration.example.yaml --version 1.0.0-rc1
```

### Improvements

- **Initialization Job Name Changes With Releases:** It was previously possible to have failures in release upgrades if the container image used in the Job changed. This is because the `image` field in a Job spec is immutable. To prevent this, a new Job is created every time the Helm chart version is changed and/or when the image used in the Job is changed. This also ensures that changes to the underlying `insights-controller` application will be used in the new backfill of existing cluster state data.

- **Clarified Field Names:** The Job used for gathering existing cluster data was previously controlled via a field named `initScrapeJob`. This is an overloaded term given that this chart also uses the term "scrape job" in the context of Prometheus. This has caused some confusion, so the field is now renamed to `initBackfillJob`. `initScrapeJob` is still usable, and values from `initScrapeJob` are merged with `initBackfillJob` with the latter having precedence.

- **Easier Debugging:** The `server.agentMode` field can be toggled to `false`; by default it is set to `true` so that the Prometheus server runs in `agent` mode to keep resource usage manageable. Setting the field to `false` takes the Prometheus server out of agent mode. This is helpful for debugging issues with the Prometheus agent-server.

- **Resource Consumption Reduction:** The Prometheus scrape job used to gather metrics from the `insights-controller` pods now restricts the metrics scraped to ones explicitly set in the `values.yaml`. This means that the internal TSDB must hold less data.

- **Improved Observability:** The agent-server now scrapes itself for metrics and exports them for monitoring by the CloudZero platform. This means that issues within a cluster can be detected much sooner and with greater visibility into the cause of the issue.
