## [Release 1.0.0-rc3](https://github.com/Cloudzero/cloudzero-charts/compare/1.0.0-rc1...1.0.0-rc3) (2025-02-13)

This release makes improvements to the upgrade process as it relates to management of the initialization Jobs.

### Upgrade Steps

This upgrade should be force installed. Meaning, users managing with `helm` directly should include the `--force` flag when upgrading. Alternatively, uninstall and reinstall the helm release. Users managing the release with tools such as ArgoCD should choose an upgrade strategy that does a full replacement.

Upgrade using the following command:

```console
helm upgrade --install <RELEASE_NAME> cloudzero/cloudzero-agent -n <NAMESPACE> --create-namespace -f configuration.example.yaml --version 1.0.0-rc3 --force
```

See [upgrades.md](../upgrades.md) for full documentation of upgrade behavior as it relates to initialization Jobs.

### Improvements

- **Certificate Initialization Job Runs Every Upgrade:** The certificate initialization job now runs on every upgrade and does a better job of ensuring that the certificate is generated correctly and is being used. This means that the `--force` flag used in the `helm upgrade` command will always create a new certificate. Running `helm upgrade` without `--force` will not regenerate the certificate.

- **Automatic Job Cleanup:** Both initialization jobs are now automatically cleaned up after a period of time, which ensures that Jobs are rerun when appropriate.

- **Certificate Initialization Job ClusterRole:** The certificate initialization job now has a dedicated ClusterRole, ClusterRoleBinding, and ServiceAccount. This is done to separate required permissions and only grant `PATCH` permission to a very narrow resource scope.
