## [1.1.0-rc-1](https://github.com/Cloudzero/cloudzero-agent/compare/v1.1.0-beta-3...v1.1.0-rc-1) (2025-04-16)

This is the first Release Candidate for the 1.1 series, introducing the **CloudZero Aggregator** functionality, along with numerous enhancements and fixes.

The **CloudZero Aggregator** replaces the current OLTP metrics API with a local collector application that supports:

- **Resilience for Key Rotation**: With the new CloudZero Multiple API Key feature, key rotation is now seamless. The aggregator collects data and uses the key to bulk upload directly to your organization's S3 bucket. This ensures that if a key is rotated, it can be updated in the secret store without requiring a redeployment of the chart.

This capability supports configurable upload intervals, with a default interval of 10 minutes. This design improvement enables support teams to verify deployment configurations within minutes.

### Upgrade Steps

- Upgrade with:

```sh
helm upgrade --install <RELEASE_NAME> cloudzero/cloudzero-agent -n <NAMESPACE> --create-namespace -f configuration.example.yaml --version 1.1.0-rc-1
```

### Bug Fixes

- **Duplicate affinity in insights deployment**: Resolved an issue where affinity settings were being duplicated in the insights deployment configuration.
- **Validation improvement**: Improved validation and check results output.

### Improvements (since beta-3)

- **New configuration API in Helm values/overrides**: Introduced a minimalistic configuration API to simplify Helm chart customization while ensuring future compatibility. This includes the ability to configure images, labels, annotations, tolerations, affinities, node selectors, priority classes, and DNS.
- **Reduced scrape interval**: Decreased the scrape interval from 2 minutes to 1 minute for improved monitoring granularity.
- **Improved disk management**: Added configurable disk monitoring options and enhanced disk space management.
- **Better HTTP error logging**: Enhanced HTTP error logging for easier debugging and monitoring.
- **Automatic DNS configuration**: Implemented automatic generation of DNS configuration and priority class settings.
- **Enhanced labeling and annotations**: Added support for labels and annotations across all resources.
- **Enhanced logging**: Introduced debug logging for abandoned file IDs in the shipper component.
- **Documentation improvements**: Added detailed documentation for required API scopes for the Kubernetes agent.
- **Single binary and single version**: The agent now uses a single CloudZero image reference, tagged to match the chart release. This ensures easier image mirroring and operational identification.
